# Email hosting

## 13 May 2020 at 07:56

So, I've looking around at email solutions and the conclusion is: this shit is fuckin' painful.

The original implementation I did was based on [this tutorial](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-configure-a-mail-server-using-postfix-dovecot-mysql-and-spamassassin) and made use of Postfix, Dovecot, and MySQL, which wasn't the most amazing thing in the world but it just werked. However, it was also very annoying and required a ton of configuration -- I also had to contact my VPS provider's support to unblock SMTP ports on my account (which is thankfully permanent).

I was originally going to replicate this on the new server, but I've never managed to find the motivation to go through the trouble again. The past few days I was looking into it more, but honestly it seems like such a chore and as much as I would like to self-host email, it's not important enough for me to bother with.

So, (at least for now) I've decided to go with a dedicated email host. I looked around for a bit and decided to go with [Migadu](https://www.migadu.com/en/index.html), which I saw mentioned by one of the Pleroma devs as being pretty decent. So far it does seem pretty okay, and there's no major features that I consider important (catchall, SSL/TLS, SMTP, aliases, etc.) that are blocked on the free tier. Probably the biggest con I can immediately notice is emails sent via free tier have a "Sent via Migadu" signature, but ig I can deal with that.

I've tried Zoho in the past (before the former mail server) and while it worked, it was kinda shite and obviously more business-orientated. And that's an issue I have with mail hosting: most that support custom domains are aimed at business users, and are thus priced with businesses in mind. iirc mainstream providers such as Microsoft and Google do offer custom domain support, but it's limited and also `>Microsoft and Google`

Anyway, I mostly just want SMTP capabilties for Pleroma/Gitea/whatever so this'll work for now. I'm sure at some point I'll setup a mail server proper again, but this is good enough.

**To-do:**

This is the current list:

* ~~Implement markdown parser~~
* Setup XMPP server
* ~~Setup gitea instance?~~
* Blog layout redesign
* ~~Migrate mail server~~

**Nya&#9734;**

Til next time.