# Moving, the Matrix protocol, and other shit

## 28 June 2010 at 15:58

Hi, it's been awhile. How have you been?

**Moving**

I currently live on my guitarist's grandmother's basement floor and it's about as miserable as you would probably expect. At the moment I currently live with her grandmother and this 30-something year old Brazilian girl and I don't think I've ever been more of a misogynist.

Recently my life has pretty much just consisted of me sleeping, going to work, and then just going back to sleep to try to ignore how fucking miserable I am. When I stay awake I think about how much I fucking hate the way I live, I remember that I have nowhere else to go which makes me hate the way I live 2000000x more, and ultimately it's! Just! Shit! I've considered admiting myself to the psyche ward before but now might actually be a time to do it for real. 👊😔

Anyway, my guitarist's grandmother is this rich old lady who has somehow convinced herself she is poor as shit and refuses to do anything herself. The Brazilian girl is supposedly a lawyer, but she's dumb as shit and also refuses to clean up after herself. I honestly don't think the two of them get along either, but it's not like circumstances are great and they just kinda coexist. I absolutely despise the mentality of living in a """"""""girls only"""""""" house and I just end up feeling fucking pissed off. Let me tell you, you don't realise how gendered and biased people think until you don't identify as the one people see you as. Maybe cis females think nothing of being referred to as "girls" or whatever, but it sticks out like a sore fucking thumb to me and my anger quadruples every time. More on this at a later point.

At the very least I work overnight shift full-time so I operate on a completely flipped schedule and don't really have to deal with anyone, but I still feel very out of place and otherwise shitty. Like, somehow even more shitty than how I used to living with my mum and her bf. Wow.

Anyway, soon(tm) my guitarist friend is supposed to be moving in and I think it's going to be awful tbh. We recently fought over me saying she ignores us (or at least me) for her bf and she freaked out, and we haven't spoken in weeks lol so it's gonna be awkward to have her move in.

I've been looking into housing options for moving out on my own so I'm not living on the fucking FLOOR but there are slim pickings. For some reason it's fucking impossible to find 1 bedroom offerings in this city, and I'm sure the whole covidpocalypse shit doesn't help. Ugh.

I also have nowhere to setup my desktop, so I've been using my shitty 10~ year old laptop which is fun. I installed Manjaro with XFCE so it's manageable, but I'm not really a fan of using a laptop and this is kinda shit. I miss my PC games :(

**The Matrix protocol**

I've been looking into setting up [the Matrix chat protocol](https://matrix.org/)_on a VPS recently and tbh, it has not gone well.

Their server option, Synapse, has extremely shit documentation for setup and configuration. The official docs are poor, and looking up guides online just gave me conflicting information. I did end up finding success with [matrix-docker-ansible-deploy](https://github.com/spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy), but Synapse ended up being way too fucking CPU intensive for accessing larger rooms. Like, deadass trying to access an 1000 user room (the read-only #homeowners:matrix.org which is for Synapse release annoucements/updates) ended up crashing my fucking server.

Anyway, the company behind Matrix and its Discord clone client, [Riot](https://about.riot.im/), offers managed hosting so I decided to give it a try as it does have a free trial. And, it turns out... their "small host" which costs 10$USD and is limited to 5 users has the same limitations as my VPS did. Woooo.

Matrix has been a flop, but I may setup the VPS again just to have it just in case. Currently, I'm looking into setting up XMPP via ejabberd and hoping that goes a bit better.

**In other news...**

MIKU EXPO GOT FUCKING DELAYED AGAIN TO NEXT YEAR REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

But at least on the bright side, Project Diva MegaMix has since released :D I've been playing it quite a lot recently and it's def one of my favourite Switch games of late. It's essentially Future Tone, but with a reduced song list and cel-shaded graphics. It's raw PD -- just playing songs for the best score, pure and simple. I said fuck it and bought the bundle with all the DLC too, so there's about 150+ songs iirc. It's pretty sick.

I don't have my PC to use so I've been playing my Switch a lot more recently. I recently played through the Pokemon Sword DLC which was okay, and I also got this hybrid picross/visual novel called "Murder By Numbers" which is pretty alright (can't go wrong with picross). I also picked up The Outer Worlds for Switch as I never finished it when I had Xbox Game Pass -- it looks like ass, but it runs fine and yep, it's The Outer Worlds. I also said fuck it and bought LA Noire on Switch for something to play layer, so ig I'll get to that eventually too.

Steam currently has its summer sale on and I'm debating picking up some titles. I'm interested in grabbing Wolfenstein The New Order and the Halo collection, but honestly I have no idea when I'll be able to play PC games again so idk if it's a good idea. ig I have time to decide.

Steam has also recently revamped user profiles recently which is interesting -- I do like the new customisation options of avatar frames, colour themes, and hover profile backgrounds, but the current offerings are pretty tacky lol. Regardless, it's still fun and I welcome the options.

**N-nya...**

I never know how to end blog posts.

Til next time.
