# XMPP and site rework

## 9 July 2020 at 18:50

**XMPP**

Well, I managed to get XMPP set up. Somewhat. I *think* it should be working fine minus a few things. At the recommendation of [Jeder](https://pleroma.jeder.pl/users/jeder) I ended up going with [Prosody](https://prosody.im/) which ended up being pretty straightforward and simple to get running.

Currently I'm apparently sitting at [85% compliance to XMPP standards](https://compliance.conversations.im/server/systematic.love) with most bases covered except for STUN/TURN and some SRV record thing which I'm pretty sure I configured correctly, but still doesn't seem to be working either way. Oh well. 

My biggest issue at the moment seems to be the http_file_upload module, which I can't figure out how to configure to use HTTPS bc I am epic stupid, and as a result cannot attach files to messages. Sad.

Anyway, for the most part setting up Prosody wasn't too bad -- I have it running on my server with Misskey and the server is still running fine, so I guess it's okay.

Probably one thing of note is that... I don't actually have anyone to talk to over XMPP. I went through all this trouble but I STILL HAVE NO FRIENDS RREEEEEEEEEEE

**Site rework**

Anyway, I did end up going ahead with the site rework. I still have yet to get to finishing the blog, but the main site portion is done for now. The basic implementation is as follows:

1. Site pages are written in markdown
2. `discount` (`markdown`) is ran to convert the .md files to .html 
3.  `cat` merges a header template, the converted file, and a footer template together
4. `tidy` is ran to make the files not look like complete trash (not necessary but I prefer it anyway okay)

The [actual script](https://git.feargarden.xyz/reactor/feargarden.xyz/src/branch/master/gensite.sh) is viewable here -- excuse my shit implemenation btw, I am not a programmer.

Anyway, I have a git hook configured to run this script on `push`. I still have yet to implement the blog in this manner as I'm not quite sure how, so it still depends on PHP for now. I would need to come up with a script that would generate a page with all blog posts listed chronologically (or I suppose alphabetically would work based on my naming schemes), and contain links to said blog posts. I feel like this should be pretty simple, but I don't really have much experience with anything of the sort. For the record, my only knowledge of programming and shit comes from 2 years of computer science in highschool where we were taught Java lol.

**In other news...**

So, my roommate actually ended up leaving a lot sooner than expected. She had some problems with the homeowner, they got into a fight, and she pretty much just left the next day. So at the very least I am no longer sleeping on the floor. :)

**Nya&#9734;**

I'm fucking tired. Til next time.