# Still alive

## 7 May 2020 at 07:50

Wow! A lot has really gone to shit since I last posted. For better or for worse, this is a sober post.

I really feel like I've been cucked by all this covid shit. I finally had some stuff figured out, and now it's all gone down the fucking drain. Fuck me.

**Moving out**

For starters, I was supposed to move out come the beginning of May, but obviously that hasn't happened. I was originally supposed to be moving in with my guitarist, however due to covid *she* never got to move into the house, and the person whose room I was supposed to be taking didn't get to move out. So we're stuck where we are.

**Health care (omega-fucking-lul)**

Another thing that's also gotten fucked was me finally getting any sort of health care assistance; I did end up getting approved to have a provider found, but obviously everything in this world has now been overwhelmed with covid so the chances of me getting help any time soon is close to 0 :) This actually reminds me of an article I read awhile back -- my area already has notoriously shitty and slow mental health care services, and there was a case of someone being in queue for almost a year or more before the lad just comitted suicide. Ironically, he had apparently finally had someone assigned to him a few days after lol. I'm sure I'm destined to follow that same path.

**Work**

Another thing is that now that I finally got a job, all this fucking shit *has* to go down. Wonderful. For the record, my work is still open as fast food is apparently an "essential" service as mandated by our wonderful government, so I am one of the lucky(?) few to still be employed despite the times. My current schedule has me doing night shifts (11pm-7am) full time, which I don't mind. I also actually recently passed the 3 month probation period at work, so ig I'm here to stay. Working in fast food is definitely not where I wanted to end up in life, but as they say, beggars can't be choosers.

**Pleroma and the fediverse**

Probably one of the lighter things I can bring up. I actually recently switched over from using Mastodon to using my own Pleroma instance (<a href="https://scenecore.net/" target="_blank">scenecore.net</a>), and I have to say, it's a real joy. Pleroma is by no means perfect software, but it's gud enough and I enjoy it. My biggest issue is with the default front-end's dependency on javascript which is annoying as shit (particularly for viewing other instances), but eh.
Honestly, I've got to say that I have become a big fan of the fediverse and decentralised social networks as a whole. If mainstream social media isn't your thing, I definitely recommend giving it a try. There are a ton of instances out there among different platforms (Pleroma, Misskey, Mastodon, <a href="https://fediverse.party/" target="_blank">etc.</a>), and if you're interested, someone I follow by the name of Opal has <a href="https://wowana.me/fediverse.xht" target="_blank">written a good list of options</a>. In addition, if you can't find an instance that suits your needs, it's easy to just host your own and do as you please[1].

If you're interested, I am currently <a href="https://scenecore.net/reag" target="_blank">reag@scenecore.net</a> ;)

**feargarden and other server shite**

Once again I redid the front page on fg. I don't really host much here except for this blog and random files, so ig this is just kind of a hub.

As far as the blog goes, I am interested in a backend revamp. Currently posts are created in HTML, but this isn't the most covenient thing in the world (especially for writing on mobile devices), so I've been considering ditching this approach and switching over to writing in markdown with something like <a href="https://github.com/thephpleague/commonmark" target="_blank">Commonmark</a> to handle parsing. This would be a great QOL feature for me, though idk how I would handle legacy (HTML) posts. Maybe I would just relegate them all to the archive? Idk. I've still gotta think it through, bc I don't *really* feel like putting in the effort to convert them to a new format.
Away from fg, another thing I'd like to do is setup some new personal services. The main one I'm currently interested in is XMPP -- while it wouldn't really serve a purpose as I don't currently know anyone who uses XMPP, I think it would be good to have around for the sake of flexibility. In addition to XMPP, I've also been considering setting up <a href="https://gitea.io/en-us/" target="_blank">Gitea</a>. I don't user Github a ton, but I do think I would prefer using something decentralised and self-hosted over something owned my M$.

Anyway, the current to-do list for me is as follows:

* Implement markdown parser
* Setup XMPP server
* Setup gitea instance?

**Nya&#9734;**

Well, that ended up being a bit longer than expected. ig it's been awhile and that is the norm for me, though.
Also: if you actually read whatever garbage I post, please feel free to leave a comment in my <a href="https://reagan.123guestbook.com/" target="_blank">guestbook</a>. It can be anonymous if you'd prefer; I'm just curious as to whether or not anyone actually reads this shit.

Til next time.

**.............**

[1] PS if you're interested in setting up a fedi instance or any other server or whatever ;) and need a vps service ;) please use my vultr referral link ;) apparently it gives you 100$ in credit for a month or something while I get 25$ ;) <a href="https://www.vultr.com/?ref=8405173-6G" target="_blank">please this is so fucking shameful</a>

