# Website improvements, Mastodon and Misskey

## 3 July 2020 at 13:22

Hi. I'm back again to talk about my life through a terminal instead of speaking to other people.

**Website improvements**

I was messing around with ways to easier update my website and actually found a way to update it via git hooks instead of FTP, so that's very convenient. 

In this regard though, I have also been looking at ways to simplify my website and one interesting way I saw brought up was the very curious idea of generating a website using makefiles. Specifically, I was looking at [wowaname/Opal's blog](https://wowana.me/blog/wowaname-now-on-git-and-hosted-on-my-laptop.xht) and she mentioned writing content in markdown and then using a makefile to generate webpages in XHTML. She also provides the files for her site via Git, and looking them over I do think it's a very interesting implementation that I would like to make use of myself if possible. More research is necessary, but this is definitely something I'm looking into.

**Mastodon and Misskey**

Following the failure of Matrix, I decided to try using my domain to host a [Mastodon instance](https://joinmastodon.org/) instead. If you're not already familiar with it, Mastodon is one of the more popular microblogging software options for interacting with [the fediverse](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fediverse). While I did manage to get it set up, this ultimately ended in failure -- it turns out Mastodon is *insanely* resource intensive, and trying to run a single-user instance for 5 minutes maxed my server's CPU and RAM usage to the point that I couldn't even SSH in anymore -- in comparison, I run this site, Gitea, and my Pleroma instance on a single server with identical specs with no issue. It was pretty bad.

So, I also gave up on Mastodon. Instead I decided to try setting up [Misskey](https://join.misskey.page/en/) -- another federateed microblogging option that's more aimed at a Japanese audience, but does have an English translation available. I ended up having no issues getting Misskey running -- I currently have it running as my alternate/secondary fedi instance at [systematic.love](https://systematic.love), named after one of my favourite songs from Camellia.

<iframe id='ivplayer' width='640' height='360' src='https://invidio.us/embed/gWiA9o6fv4U' style='border:none;'></iframe>

Unfortunately it turns out Misskey is incompatible with apps made for Mastodon/Pleroma, but it's otherwise still very compatible with such Activitypub instances. 

Anyway, despite its frontend being incredibly JS-heavy with lots of bizarre features, Misskey is still very lightweight on the backend (much like Pleroma) and I've had no issues with it in action so far. However, when installing I didn't even consider the fact that it's primarily JP software so, uh, configuration has been difficult due to the documentation being... pretty much all Japanese. There's definitely things I'd like to look into modifying (such as disabling link previews, seeing if there's options for metadata stripping, etc), but ig it'll take a bit of time to figure out. 

I don't know if I'll ever switch to using Misskey as my primary instance as I do prefer Pleroma's simpler-with-no-bs approach, but it's fun to mess around with and keep as a backup.

**Nya&#9734;**

That's all I can think of to write about for now.

Til next time.